chore(github): archiving repository (#6)
ONSdigital/dp-jmeter-single-tenant: README.md

# dp-jmeter-single-tenant

> [!WARNING]

> > This repository was be archived in December 2025 is no longer in development.

Reviewer: Gramma? 
```suggestion
> This repository was archived in December 2025 as it is no longer in development.
```
